---
title: Press Release On The Signing Ceremony of the Memorandum of Understanding on the Establishment of Community Tech Centers at Public High Schools between the Ministry of Post and Telecommunications and the Ministry of Education, Youth and Sport
description: Phnom Penh, 9th October 2023, at the Ministry of Post and Telecommunications, His Excellency Minister Chea Vandeth and His Excellency Deputy Prime Minister Hangchuon Naron, Minister of Education, Youth and Sport, presided over the signing ceremony of the Memorandum of Understanding on the Establishment of Community Tech Centers at Public High Schools. The ceremony was attended by the leadership, officials, and representatives from both ministries as well as representatives from higher education institutions, high schools, private sectors, and press units, totaling approximately 270 attendees.
date: 2023-10-09
author: Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications
image: "src/assets/images/news.jpg"
tags: []
---

Phnom Penh, 9 October 2023: at the Ministry of Post and Telecommunications, His Excellency Minister Chea Vandeth and His Excellency Deputy Prime Minister Hangchuon Naron, Minister of Education, Youth and Sport, presided over the signing ceremony of the Memorandum of Understanding on the Establishment of Community Tech Centers at Public High Schools. The ceremony was attended by the leadership, officials, and representatives from both ministries as well as representatives from higher education institutions, high schools, private sectors, and press units, totaling approximately 270 attendees.

On this occasion, Her Excellency Hean Polyne, Undersecretary of State of MPTC, stated that the purpose of establishing the Community Tech Centers (CTC) at public high schools across the Kingdom of Cambodia comprises three main visions: 1. Participation in the implementation of the Pentagonal Strategy-Phase I of the Royal Government of the Seventh Legislature of the National Assembly, the Digital Economy and Society Policy Framework 2021-2023, and the Digital Government Policy 2022-2035; 2. Promotion of education sector transformation and digital literacy; and 3. Support for the development of digital human capital. Moreover, the principal of Hun Sen Mouy Mithona High School, Mr. Seom Rong, stated that through the CTC initiative, the community as a whole will have the opportunity to acquire essential technology skills and services in the digital age.

H.E. Minister Chea Vandeth highlighted that to build the digital government, economy, society, and citizens, the construction of digital infrastructure, digital connectivity, development of digital technology systems, and broadband connectivity, and the establishment of CTC at public high schools are all new, important catalysts filled with potential and opportunities to promote the development of a resilient digital education ecosystem and are conducive to the digital transformation in all sectors. H.E. Minister added that this MoU signing ceremony truly reflects the heightened progress of the two ministries in the digital transformation of the education sector in an effort to continue promoting human resources in the digital technology field and toward building the digital economy and society under the wise leadership of Samdech Moha Borvor Thipadei Hun Manet, Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Cambodia.

His Excellency Deputy Prime Minister Hangchuon Naron thanked MPTC for the CTC initiative in promoting digital literacy and skills and integrating technology subjects for digital education in the classroom, school, and community as a whole. This MoU is significant in a timely and targeted manner in supporting the development of digital education toward the promotion of growth, and increase in productivity and effectiveness in building Cambodia’s future digital citizens.

The first CTC is being constructed at Hun Sen Mouy Mithona High School in Peaream commune, Bati district, Takeo province. Hun Sen Mouy Mithona is a leading high school in Bati district, Takeo province; the principal has received 2nd place in Good Management category across the country. The CTC project will commence at all high schools in Takeo starting November 2023 and will continue to roll out across the country.
